Add note about asking questions (#21)
AdaGold/betsy: README.md

- build a logical user-flow that moves across multiple controllers and models
- use HTML/CSS and Bootstap or another CSS framework to style your website

## A Note About Teamwork and Asking Questions
Please continue to feel free to come to the instructional team with project questions. That said, please only come to instructors with questions in pairs after both people in the pair have looked into the issue together and been unable to solve it together.

> We have found as a team that when multiple people from the same team come to us and they're both looked into the question, the team has more opportunity to support each other and the questions are able to be answered more quickly because the team has thought about their question more thoroughly.

Reviewer: Minor wordsmithing there are a lot of teams in this long sentence.  

```suggestion
The instructors have found that when multiple people from the same team come to us and they're both looked into the question, the group has more opportunity to support each other and the questions tend to be answered more quickly because the team has thought about their question more thoroughly.  It also spreads knowledge of features across the team.
```

Author: Thanks!
